README.md, before:


## Getting Started

  

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

  

### Prerequisites

  

* NodeJS

* Node Package Manager(NPM)

* Git

* PostgreSQL

  
  

### Installing

  

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development environment running

  

1. Download ZIP file or clone the repository to create your own copy.

```

git clone https://github.com/coding-blocks/boss.git

```

2. Move to the boss repository

  

```

cd ./boss

```

3. Install all project dependency packages via NPM

  

```

npm install

```

4. Create a `secrets.json` file in the root directory taking hint from the `secrets-sample.json` file or You can also create a copy of `secrets-sample.json` file and rename it as `secrets.json` in the root directory. ( Don't worry secrets.json is already added to .gitignore file so it won't be commited )

  

5. Create a Client on Coding Blocks OneAuth using [https://account.codingblocks.com/clients/add](https://account.codingblocks.com/clients/add)

**Remember the Client ID and Client Secret and copy them to your `secrets.json` file.**

  

Also, remember to change the callback URL to your desired url. You can use `http://localhost:3232/login/callback` if you are testing on your localhost system.

  

5. Set up PostgreSQL

* If you don't have PostgreSQL setup on you machine you can download it from [here](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

* If you have renamed the `secrets-sample.json` file to `secrets.json` then

    After Installation is complete create a new PostgreSQL user **username** with password as **pass**.

     Create a new database in PostgreSQL server with name **dbname**.

  

* If you have created a new `secrets.json` file then create the respective things accordingly.

6. Start the server.

```

npm start

```

And see it working on http://localhost:3232


### For Testing
BOSS_DEV=localhost node index.js

## API

  

### CLAIMS

  

#### List All Claims

  

```

GET

/api/claims?[status=accepted]

```

  

#### Add a claim

  

```

POST

/api/claims/add

  

BODY

  

{

user: "championswimmer",

issueUrl: "http://github.com/coding-blocks/lab/issues/7",

pullUrl: "http://github.com/coding-blocks/lab/pull/7",

bounty: 20

}

```

Commit message:

Added testing command and fixed README

README.md, after:


## Getting Started

  

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

  

### Prerequisites

  

* NodeJS

* Node Package Manager(NPM)

* Git

* PostgreSQL

  
  

### Installing

  

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development environment running

  

1. Download ZIP file or clone the repository to create your own copy.

```

git clone https://github.com/coding-blocks/boss.git

```

2. Move to the boss repository

  

```

cd ./boss

```

3. Install all project dependency packages via NPM

  

```

npm install

```

4. Create a `secrets.json` file in the root directory taking hint from the `secrets-sample.json` file or You can also create a copy of `secrets-sample.json` file and rename it as `secrets.json` in the root directory. ( Don't worry secrets.json is already added to .gitignore file so it won't be commited )

  

5. Create a Client on Coding Blocks OneAuth using [https://account.codingblocks.com/clients/add](https://account.codingblocks.com/clients/add)

**Remember the Client ID and Client Secret and copy them to your `secrets.json` file.**

  

Also, remember to change the callback URL to your desired url. You can use `http://localhost:3232/login/callback` if you are testing on your localhost system.

  

5. Set up PostgreSQL

* If you don't have PostgreSQL setup on you machine you can download it from [here](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

* If you have renamed the `secrets-sample.json` file to `secrets.json` then

    After Installation is complete create a new PostgreSQL user **username** with password as **pass**.

     Create a new database in PostgreSQL server with name **dbname**.

  

* If you have created a new `secrets.json` file then create the respective things accordingly.

6. Start the server.

```

npm start

```

And see it working on http://localhost:3232


### For Testing

Start the test server using the following command:

````
npm run start-test
````
Run tests using the following command:

````
npm test
````

## API

  

### CLAIMS

  

#### List All Claims

  

```

GET

/api/claims?[status=accepted]

```

  

#### Add a claim

  

```

POST

/api/claims/add

  

BODY

  

{

user: "championswimmer",

issueUrl: "http://github.com/coding-blocks/lab/issues/7",

pullUrl: "http://github.com/coding-blocks/lab/pull/7",

bounty: 20

}

```
